chore: add Kalium project as a git Submodule within Android Reloaded realm (#299)
wireapp/wire-android-reloaded: README.md

Import the project as a gradle project by browsing the ```build.gradle.kt``` file.

## Typical Build issues

It might be that after cloning the Android Reloaded project, some build issues appear on your IDE (IntelliJ or Android studio). To avoid most of these, make sure that:
- After cloning the Android Reloaded project, you have run `git submodule update --init --recursive` (to init any needed configuration within the embedded Kalium submodule project)

> - There is a valid SDK path on your `local.properties` file pointing to the Android SDK folder. In Mac, that folder can be usually found under `sdk.dir=/Users/YOUR_USER_FOLDER/Library/Android/sdk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a valid SDK path on your `local.properties` AND `kalium/local.properties` files pointing to the Android SDK folder. In Mac, that folder can be usually found under `sdk.dir=/Users/YOUR_USER_FOLDER/Library/Android/sdk`. The IDE **will not** create `kalium/local.properties` automatically, so you might want to copy/paste the one in the project root.
```
